hey kids welcome to kbd toys TV today
we're going to be unboxing an angry
birds star wars mystery bag and each bag
there are two action figures just for
you and check out some of the awesome
action figures you can get inside like
stormtrooper & javas rancor alright kids
let's open up this mystery bag and see
what Star Wars characters we get inside
this line of hasbro toys captures all
the launching and destroying fun of the
app in a physical form and features your
favorite Star Wars characters reimagined
as high-flying angry birds and
villainous pigs and here are some of the
sets you can collect early Angry Birds
package Jabba's palace fight on Tatooine
and Darth Vader's lightsaber check out
this awesome set 8080 attack those
characters look amazing
okay let's check out the two action
figures we got in this mystery bag and
it looks like we have Luke Skywalker the
hero of all the Angry Birds Star Wars
action figures and it looks like our
next action figure is a snowtrooper from
the movie Empire Strikes Back
okay let's put this collection together
and take a quick ending photo all right
kids thanks for watching kbd toys TV
don't forget to subscribe comment rate
and stay tuned next time when we open up
another bag of Angry Birds Star Wars
toys from Hasbro